## Contributor Agreement

## Individual Contributor Non-Exclusive License Agreement

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Windmill Labs, Inc's Windmill
("We" or "Us").

The purpose of this contributor agreement ("Agreement") is to clarify and
document the rights granted by contributors to Us.

### 1\. Definitions

**"You"** means the individual Copyright owner who Submits a Contribution to Us.

**"Legal Entity"** means an entity that is not a natural person.

**"Affiliate"** means any other Legal Entity that controls, is controlled by, or
under common control with that Legal Entity. For the purposes of this
definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
direction or management of such Legal Entity, whether by contract or otherwise,
(ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares or
securities that vote to elect the management or other persons who direct such
Legal Entity or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

**"Contribution"** means any original work of authorship, including any original
modifications or additions to an existing work of authorship, Submitted by You
to Us, in which You own the Copyright.

**"Copyright"** means all rights protecting works of authorship, including
copyright, moral and neighboring rights, as appropriate, for the full term of
their existence.

**"Material"** means the software or documentation made available by Us to third
parties.

**"Submit"** means any act by which a Contribution is transferred to Us by You
by means of tangible or intangible media, including but not limited to
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking
systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, Us, but excluding any transfer
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a
Contribution."

**"Documentation"** means any non-software portion of a Contribution.

### 2\. License grant

#### 2.1 Copyright license to Us

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant to Us a
worldwide, royalty-free, NON-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable (except as
stated in Section 8.2) license, with the right to transfer an unlimited number
of non-exclusive licenses or to grant sublicenses to third parties, under the
Copyright covering the Contribution to use the Contribution by all means,
including, but not limited to:

- publish the Contribution,
- modify the Contribution,
- prepare derivative works based upon or containing the Contribution and/or to
  combine the Contribution with other Materials,
- reproduce the Contribution in original or modified form,
- distribute, to make the Contribution available to the public, display and
  publicly perform the Contribution in original or modified form.

#### 2.2 Moral rights

Moral Rights remain unaffected to the extent they are recognized and not
waivable by applicable law. Notwithstanding, You may add your name to the
attribution mechanism customary used in the Materials you Contribute to, such as
the header of the source code files of Your Contribution, and We will respect
this attribution when using Your Contribution.

### 3\. Patents

#### 3.1 Patent license

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement You hereby grant to Us and
to recipients of Materials distributed by Us a worldwide, royalty-free,
non-exclusive, perpetual and irrevocable (except as stated in Section 3.2)
patent license, with the right to transfer an unlimited number of non-exclusive
licenses or to grant sublicenses to third parties, to make, have made, use,
sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise transfer the Contribution and the
Contribution in combination with any Material (and portions of such
combination). This license applies to all patents owned or controlled by You,
whether already acquired or hereafter acquired, that would be infringed by
making, having made, using, selling, offering for sale, importing or otherwise
transferring of Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your
Contribution(s) with any Material.

### 4. Disclaimer

THE CONTRIBUTION IS PROVIDED "AS IS". MORE PARTICULARLY, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF SATISFACTORY
QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED BY YOU TO US AND BY US TO YOU. TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY SUCH WARRANTIES
CANNOT BE DISCLAIMED, SUCH WARRANTY IS LIMITED IN DURATION AND EXTENT TO THE
MINIMUM PERIOD AND EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.

### 5. Consequential damage waiver

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR WE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF DATA,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT
OF THIS AGREEMENT REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.

### 6. Approximation of disclaimer and damage waiver

IF THE DISCLAIMER AND DAMAGE WAIVER MENTIONED IN SECTION 4. AND SECTION 5.
CANNOT BE GIVEN LEGAL EFFECT UNDER APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW, REVIEWING COURTS SHALL
APPLY LOCAL LAW THAT MOST CLOSELY APPROXIMATES AN ABSOLUTE WAIVER OF ALL CIVIL
OR CONTRACTUAL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE CONTRIBUTION.

### 7. Term

7.1 This Agreement shall come into effect upon Your acceptance of the terms and
conditions.

7.3 In the event of a termination of this Agreement Sections 4, 5, 6, 7 and 8
shall survive such termination and shall remain in full force thereafter. For
the avoidance of doubt, Free and Open Source Software (sub)licenses that have
already been granted for Contributions at the date of the termination shall
remain in full force after the termination of this Agreement.

### 8 Miscellaneous

8.1 This Agreement and all disputes, claims, actions, suits or other proceedings
arising out of this agreement or relating in any way to it shall be governed by
the laws of France excluding its private international law provisions.

8.2 This Agreement sets out the entire agreement between You and Us for Your
Contributions to Us and overrides all other agreements or understandings.

8.3 In case of Your death, this agreement shall continue with Your heirs. In
case of more than one heir, all heirs must exercise their rights through a
commonly authorized person.

8.4 If any provision of this Agreement is found void and unenforceable, such
provision will be replaced to the extent possible with a provision that comes
closest to the meaning of the original provision and that is enforceable. The
terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement shall apply notwithstanding any
failure of essential purpose of this Agreement or any limited remedy to the
maximum extent possible under law.

8.5 You agree to notify Us of any facts or circumstances of which you become
aware that would make this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.
