Source code in this repository is variously licensed under the Apache License
Version 2.0 (see file ./LICENSE-APACHE), or the AGPLv3 License (see file
./LICENSE-AGPL) and a proprietary license for certain enterprise features.

Every file is under copyright (c) Windmill Labs, Inc 2022 unless otherwise
specified. Every file is under License AGPL unless otherwise specified or
belonging to one of the below cases:

The files under backend/ are AGPLv3 Licensed, except any snippets of code under
the compile flag "enterprise". Those snippets and files are under a proprietary
and commercial license. The files under frontend/ are AGPLv3 Licensed, except
any snippets of code that require a positive license check to be activated.
Those snippets and files are under a proprietary and commercial license. Private
and public forks MUST not include any of the above proprietary and commercial
code. The files under python-client/ deno-client/ go-client/ powershell-client/
are Apache 2.0 Licensed. The openapi files, including the OpenFlow spec is
Apache 2.0 Licensed.

The binary compilable from source code in this repository without the
"enterprise" feature flag is open-source under the AGPLv3 License terms and
conditions.

The "Community Edition" of Windmill available in the docker images hosted under
ghcr.io/windmill-labs/windmill and the github binary releases contains the files
under the AGPLv3 and Apache 2 sources but also includes proprietary and
non-public code and features which are not open source and under the following
terms: Windmill Labs, Inc. grants a right to use all the features of the
"Community Edition" for free without restrictions other than the limits and
quotas set in the software and a right to distribute the community edition as is
but not to sell, resell, serve as a managed service, modify or wrap under any
form without an explicit agreement.

All third party components incorporated into the Windmill Software are licensed
under the original license provided by the owner of the applicable component.
